#1 Game Developer:

Question 1: The Camera sensitivity was fine and smooth. no issues there!
Question 2: The Day/Night cycle went at a pleasant rate! I'd love to see some stars at nighttime.
Question 3: I can build with efficiency, I liked having the selectable blocks on keys rather than the mouse-wheel. It allowed me to place these faster.
Question 4: I'd gladly pay about $3-5 or so for a calming, creative app like this. I'd love to hear some occasional music and to have more blocks to build.
Question 5: Nothing seemed far out of left field, everything seemed cohesive and worked together well.

#2 Programmer:

Question 1: You have the smoothest camera sensitivity I have ever seen. Much, much smoother than the games I've created on Unity.
Question 2: Your day/night cycle is very good. I'll like to see different types of weather conditions implemented into the game.
Question 3: Your variety of blocks are great. One sugeestion for a future update is to add blocks that can teleport you to another location.
Question 4: I'll probably pay $0.99 for this game. I'll love to see creatures being added to the game :).
Question 5: The only problem in this game is for the torchlight block. Once I place the block, I can't break it. The only way I can remove that block is if you reset the game. Pls fix it! Other than that, game is good.  

#3 Economic Analyst:

Question 1: Camera sentistivity was not the best, but it was not the worst. It was adverage - room for improvement.
Question 2: Day and night cycle is okay. I wish you made them longer so it would really feel like more of a 15 minute day or night cycle.
Question 3: I can build decent structures. I would add light but visible borders to each block so it would be easier to place or break blocks.
Question 4: I would pay about $3.99 to ge this game. I would love to see biomes, multiplayer, and a place where people can publish their worlds and you can download them to your game.
Question 5: I wasn't expecting the reflection from the torchlight to other blocks to be so beatuiful and goergeous. Add other types of light source blocks with different colors and you'll see a beatuy that will enchant your game experience even more.